README.md, before:

StockExchangeGame
====================================

StockExchangeGame is a game to simulate a stock market.
The game was written and tested in .Net 4.7. This project is discontinued. If you want to test trading, use a free test account from e.g. [eToro](https://content.etoro.com/lp/practice_account/).

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6b7shv4fa54mujbd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/SeppPenner/stockexchangegame)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/master/License.txt)

## Todo:
* Adjust documentation.

Change history
--------------

* **Version 1.0.0.0 (2017-07-26)** : 1.0 release.

Commit message:

Updated to .Net 4.8. Added missing badges. Updated nuget packages.

README.md, after:

StockExchangeGame
====================================

StockExchangeGame is a game to simulate a stock market.
The game was written and tested in .Net 4.8. This project is currently discontinued. If you want to test trading, use a free test account from e.g. [eToro](https://content.etoro.com/lp/practice_account/).

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6b7shv4fa54mujbd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/SeppPenner/stockexchangegame)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame.svg)](https://github.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/master/License.txt)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/SeppPenner/StockExchangeGame)

## Todo:
* Adjust documentation.

Change history
--------------

* **Version 1.0.0.1 (2019-05-06)** : Updated .Net version to 4.8.
* **Version 1.0.0.0 (2017-07-26)** : 1.0 release.
